Middlesex ss.  Henry Thornton and Catherine Thornton his Daughter Severally make oath and first the said Henry Thornton for himself Saith That several years ago he rented two houses in the Parish of Allhallows Barking in the City of London at the Yearly Rent of Ten Pounds & upwards & was Charged to and Paid Parochial Taxes for the same & resided & lived in the said houses for about Eleven years That during Part of the time he so rented the sd. houses he also rented a house at the yearly Rent of Eight Pounds in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the County of Middx & was Charged to & paid the kings Tax for the lastmencones house That during such time as he rented the said three houses together He and his family lodged & resided in the said Parish of Allhallows Barking Where his said Daughter Catherine lived with him as Part of his Family for a Considerable time That during such his Residence there his said Daughter Separated herself from him and his Family And (as he has been informed by her and believes to be true) She was hired as a yearly Servant at different times to divers Persons but never Continued for a year in any one service That this Depont. growing Poor he was obliged to quit Possession of his houses in Allhallows Barking & went from thence & resided in his said house in Aldgate Parish his said Daughter at that time being no Part of his Family That during such his Residence in Aldgate Parish he was Charged to and Paid the kings Tax there Subsequent to Quitting his houses in Allhallows Barking That this Deponts. said Daughter did at times when out of service reside with this Depont. in Aldgate Parish as a Visitor & untill she Could get some new service but he did not esteem her as Part of his Family there by reason of her Coming to & leaving him was so uncertain And to the best of this Deponts. rememebrance & belief she never Continued with him at such times of her Coming to see him in Aldgate Parish for Forty days at anyone Period of time And the Said Catherine Thornton for herself Saith that she was never Married And that although She has at divers times lived as a hired Yearly Servant yet she never Continued in any one of such Services for a year & to her knowledge or belief never did any act to gain a Settlemt. in her own right That She hath a Child named Elizabeth Martin about Nine Weeks old which is illegitimate & was born in the said Parish of Aldgate And that one George Arnold of the said Parish of Allhallows Barking  Gentn . did get her with Child of the Said Bastard Child.

Sworn this 29th. Day of october 1767 before Chris: Scott R Pell

Henry Thornton The Mark of Catherine Thornton