Middlesex ss and Eliz Fleming his Daur severally make oath and first James Murray the said James Murray for himself Saith Maketh oath That about Forty Years ago he was Married to his late Wife  Elizabeth deced whose Maiden Name was Elizabeth Farley And this Dept. Saith that he & his said Wife lived separate & a part from each other for Many Years before she died And that during such Separation he this Depont. and one Ann Johnson went to the Fleet And had the Marriage Ceremony read over between them Notwithstanding this Deponents sd. Wife Elizabeth was then living and this Depont. had been before Married to her And this Depont. Saith That subsequent to such Pretended Marriage of this Depont. & the Said Ann Johnson he this Depont. & the said Ann Johnson lived together for many years as if they had been lawfully Married & had several Children and Amongst the rest the said other Depont. Elizabeth Fleming who was born (during the life of this Deponts. sd late Wife Elizth) in the Parish of St. George in the County of Middlesex And the said Depont. Elizabeth Fleming for herself Saith that she this Depont. about five Years ago was lawfully Married to one John Fleming who as she has been informed was born in Ireland And this Depont. doth not know nor was ever informed by her said husband or any other Person where his place of Settlement was or now is Nor Can she give any Account Conserning the Same her sd husband having never to her knowledge or information rented a house of Ten pounds a year or upwards nor served any Parish offices or Paid any Poors Rates or Kings Taxes nor done any Act to gain a Settlement in his own right And the Said Depont. Fleming father Saith that her said husband in lately gone away from her to Place Unknown And that she hath a Child

named Mary aged about three Years & three Months the lawful Issue of this Depont. by her said husband and this Depont. hath done no Act to gain a Settlemt. in her own right Save her Marriage

Sworn this 14th day of April 1768 before  Chris: Scott Rt Darling

The Mark of James Murray Elizath Fleming