Middlesex (ss)  Morris Bottene  Hair Dresser  Maketh Oath and Saith that in the Month of September One thousand seven hundred and Eighty Seven he was lawfully Married to Elizabeth his present Wife (then Elizabeth Wit ) at the parish Church of Saint Eustas in the City of Paris , That Between three & four Years ago he took a House of Mr. Richardson situate in East Smithfield in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate in the said County of the Yearly Rent of twenty pounds & that He was in possession of the same for the space of three Months or there abouts, That shortly after his quitting the House in East Smithfield , he Rented a House ready Furnished Lodging as No. 2 . in Castle Street Houndsditch in the parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate in the City of London for which he paid three Shillings and Six Pence P Week & resided therein for the space of eighteen Months-That about eight Months ago he rented a ready Furnished Lodging of a Mr. Owen in Whartons Court in the Parish of St. Andrews Holborn above Barrs at the Weekly Rent of Five Shillings which he Occupied for about Six Weeks That he moved from thence and took a Room of a a Mrs. Eaglefield at No. 5. Plumb Tree Court Shoe Lane in the said Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn at the Weekly Rent of five Shillings and resided therein for Six Months or thereabouts, a few loceks before he went away, he paid but four Shillings P week-That he moved from thence to Mr. Jones's No. 47. Saffron Hill in the parish of Saint Andrew 

Holborn aforesaid, of whom he Rented a ready Furnished Room at the Rent of five Shillings P Week and lived therein for the space of three Months, that being Sick, the Officers of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn Examined him as to his Settlement and moved him by Virtue of an Order of Removal to the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate . And this Examind. further Saith he hath not at any time either before or since his Intermarriage with his sd. present Wife done any other Act, whereby to gain a Settlement in any other Parish Precinct or Place in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Sworn the day of Octor. 1788 before us}