Middlesex ss.  Ann Hutchinson  Singlewoman maketh Oath & saith that her late Father John Hutchinson decd. about Twenty Eight Years ago Rented a House in the  Minories in the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate in the City of London at the yearly Rent of Forty Pounds or upwards, and resided therein upwards of Two Years, and was charged to and paid Poors Rate for the same, that her said Father did not after he quitted the said House, rent any House or Lodging of the Yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds or do any Act to her knowledge or belief to gain a subsequent settlement, that she this Deponent has never been an Apprentice or lived as a hired Servant by the year in any Parish or Place for the space of One year together or Rented any House or Lodging of the yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds or done any Act to her knowledge or belief to gain a settlement in her own right and that she never was Married And this Deponent further saith that she has Five Children living begotten on her body by one John Anderson (but who went by the Name of William Robinson ) Namely Elizabeth aged upwards of Twelve Years William aged about Eleven years, who were both born in Hog Alley in the Parish of St. John Wapping in the County of Middlesex , John aged upwards. of Nine Years who was born next door to the Kings Arms Upper Eastsmithfield in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the County of Middlesex , Sarah aged upwards of Two years who was born in a Publick House called or known by the Name of the Sarjeants Head in St. Caths. Lane in the Precinct of St. Catherine in

the County of Middlesex and Charles aged about One Month who was born in the Dwelling House of Mrs. Robinson in Red Cross Street in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate aforesaid which Said Five Children are Illegetimate and Bastards by reason that she never was Married to the aforesaid John Anderson , And further saith that being Poor and unable to provide for herself she has been obliged to apply to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate for Relief & has been relieved by them accordingly

Sworn this 5th Day of April 1798 before H: Reynell Dane Williams

her Ann Hutchinson Mark