Middlesex ss.  James Russell and Elizabeth his Wife (late the Widow of Francis Emery ) severally make Oath and say and first the said Jas. Russell for himself saith that he can give no Account respecting the Place of Settlement of his Father or Mother or either of them save only that this Father was Bound an Apprentice to a Watch Maker in Cow Cross in the Parish of St. Sepulchre in the City of London But to whom or how long he served of his said Apprenticeship he cannot set forth, that he this Deponent was Born in Peters Lane Cow Cross in the Parish of St. Sepulchre aforesaid & Baptized at St. Sepulchre's Church as he has been informed by his Father & which he believes to be true, And further for himself saith that he has never been an Apprentice or lived as a hired Servant by the year or Rented any House or Lodging of the yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds or paid any Poors Rate or Kings Tax or done any Act to his knowledge or Belief to gain a Settlement in his own right That he has a Wife named Elizabeth to whom he was lawfully Married on or about the 6th. April 1788 at the Parish Church of St. Leonard Shorditch in the said County & a Child named William aged about Five Months the lawful Issue by his said Wife that his said Wife at the time of his Marriage with her had & now has Four Children living by her said late Husband Francis Emery which are now become a part of

his Family namely John aged about Nine Years, Francis aged about Seven Years Ann aged about Five Years & Thomas Aged about Three Years, & have not done any Act to his knowledge or Belief to gain a Settlement for themselves, And the said Elizabeth now the Wife of the said James Russell for herself saith that she was lawfully Married to her said late Husband Francis Emery on or about the 27th. May 1776 at the Parish Church of St. Mary Lambeth in the County of Surry and that she can give no Account respecting the Place of Settlement of her said late Husband or his Parents or either of them save only that she has heard him say that he was Born in Sussex but what part she cannot set forth that she this Deponent before her said Marriage & when a Singlewoman was hired & lived as a hired Servant by the Year with Mr . Robt. Pinfold of Gravel Lane in the Parish of St. Saviour Southwork in the County of Surry at the yearly Wages of Five Pounds & continued in such Service upwards of Fourteen Months & never did any Act to her knowledge or Belief to gain a Subsequent Settlement except her Marriages as aforesaid That she has Four Children living the lawful Issue by her said late Husband namely John aged about Nine Years, Francis aged about Seven Years, Ann aged about Five Years & Thomas aged about Three Years who have not yet done any Act to gain a Settlement for themselves

Sworn this 9th Day of January 1790 before R Davies Rob Smith

his James Russell Mark

her Elizh. Russell Mark