Middlesex ss.  Peggy Smith the Widow of John Smith deceased maketh Oath that she was Married to her said late Husband at the Parish Church of St. Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surry on or about the Twenty Second Day of September One Thousand Seven Hundred & Eighty , But that she has been informed that her said Husband had Four Wives living at the time of his Marriage with her that he was Married to his First Wife at Cork in Ireland to his Second at Barbadoas , to his Third at Plymouth , and to his Fourth at Dartmouth , all which she believes to be true, that about a Year after she was Married as aforesaid she was hired & lived as a hired Servant by the Year with John Mark Brown lately deceased who then lived at the Corner of Norris's Court in Nightingale Lane in the Parish of St. John Wapping in the County of Middlesex at the Yearly Wages of Six Pounds & continued in his Service under such hiring about Six Years during which time the said John Mark Brown had Carnal knowledge of her Body & she conceived with Child of a Male Child of Which said Child she was delivered at the Corner of Norris's Court aforesaid, that the said Child is now upwards of Six Years of age and was Baptized at Wapping Church by the Name of John Mark Brown that from thenceforth she ceased to be his Servant & he did not give her any more Wages, But that they

lived & Cohabited together for Several Years after as if they were Man & Wife and had been lawfully Married, That the said John Mark Brown some short time after he quitted the said House at the Corner of Norris's Court aforesaid, Rented a House of Sixteen Pounds a Year in that part of Nightingale Lane which lies in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the said County for about half a Year, But paid neither Rent nor Taxes for the same to her knowledge or Belief, that the first Quarters Rent due from him for the said House was allowed for sundry Repairs, that before he quitted the same he was taken to the Fleet Prison & to prevent the Goods being Sold under an execution he made them over to this Deponent & wrote a receipt for Mr. Adamson the Land lord of the said House to sign to acknowledge the receipt of a Quarters Rent of this Deponent for the said House in her Name of Peggy Smith , that he advised her not to give up the Key until he signed that receipt & that Mr. Adamson in Order to get possession of the House signed the said receipt without receiving any satisfaction whatever for the Rent due to him That some time about Midsummer One Thousand Seven Hundred & Ninety One the said John Mark Brown Rented a House of Twelve Pounds a Year in St. Catherines Lane in the Precinct of St. Catherine in the said County & lived there about Six Months that she lived & Cohabited with him in the said House and about Three Weeks before he quitted the

same she was delivered of a Female Child since half Baptized by the Name of Mary Ann and now about Two Years and a half old. which said Two Children are both Illegetimate & Bastards by reason that she never was Married to the said John Mark Brown decd. That the said John Mark Brown some time after he quitted the said House in St. Caths. Lane Rented a small House of Eight Pounds a Year in New Court Nightingale Lane in the Parish of St. John Wapping aforesaid & lived there about half a Year, that she lived & Cohabited with him in the said House, that the said John Mark Brown was taken from thence to Clerkenwell Bridewell where he died on or about the Tenth Day of March 1793 . That since his Death she Cohabited with one Wm. Harrison late of Red Cross Street in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate aforesd. Carpenter that she has a Child aged about Five Weeks Born in Red Cross Street aforesaid & Begotten on her Body by the Said Wm. Harrison , that the said Child has been half Baptized by the Name of Ann & is Illegetimate & a Bastard by reason that she never was Married to the Said Wm. Harrison, and that the sd. Wm. Harrison has been lately impressed in the Service of this Majesty.

Sworn this Day of May 1794 before}