Middx  Jonathan Clark (removed with Mary his Wife & 3 Children from the Parish of St. Nicholas Stroud within the City of Rochester in the County of Kent by Order under the hands & Seales of two of his Majestys Justices of the Peace for the sd. City of Rochester bearing Date the 20th. Day of Janry Instant) upon his Oath saith that he was by Indenture having Date the Day of bound an Apprentice by the Church wardens & Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn Middx to Mr Stevens in Cow Yard in Lickapond Street Cordwainer with whom this Examinant lived about two Years & then the sd. Mr Stevens dyed Says after the Death of said Stevens he was by the Church wardens & Oversrs. of the poor of the same Parish Assigned to Henry Pyke in Eagle Court in the Parish of St. Mary Le Strand Cordwainer Says the said Henry Pyke removed from Eagle Court to Stanhope Street in the Parish of St. Clemt. Danes in the County of Middx where the sd. Pyke rented a house of £25 a Year & lived therein about three Quarters of a year to the best of this Examinants Remember and there failed, Says his said Master went from Stanhope Street to Pye Street near the

New Chappell in the Bread Way Westmr. & lived there upwards of three Months & hired this Exaiant to one Mr. Jno. Gascoign a Cornchandler in the Broadway Westmr. with whom this Examinant lived upwards of three Months & had meat Drink Washing & Lodging this Exaiant being all that time an Apprentice to the said Pyke Says when he left the sd. Mr. Gascoigns Service his Master Pyke gave him Leave to go and Work where he Pleased because sd. Pyke could not provide for him and this Examinant went & lived in the aforesaid Parish of St. Nicholas Stroud where he worked with the Consent of his sd. Master upwds. of two Months the last Part of his said Apprentiship Says he never rented ten pounds a Year paid Parish Taxes lived a Yearly hired Servt. or otherwise gained a Settlemt. in any other Place to his knowledge or beleif

Sworne Janry 23d. 1745 before  Tho Lane

The Mark of Jonathan Clark