Saint Clement Danes

Middlesex (to wit) Elizabeth Collins aged twenty Years or thereabouts upon her Oath Saith that she lived as an hired Yearly Servant with Mr. Cawston in Wych Street in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex  Carpenter for upwards of one Year at the Wages of Six Pounds Per Annual that she was single and unmarried during her said Servitude and has not since she quitted him, intermarried with any one lived as an hired Yearly Servant for one year Rented House or Examinant of ten pounds a Year Value, paid Taxes or done any Act Matter or Thing whereby to gain a subsequent Settlement And this Examinant further on her Voluntary Oath saith that she is now Pregnant with Child or Children which is or are likely to be born a Bastard or Bastards and to become Chargeable to the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes and further that William Hope Collyer a Writer who lodges at No.15 New Compton Street Saint Giles is the real and true father of such Child or Children with Which she this Examinant is so pregnant to the said Wm. Hope Collyer having

had Carnal knowledge of this Examinant Body in or about the Month of March last past and at several times since at some or one of which times he did beget on this Examinants Body the Child or Children with which she is so pregnant as aforesaid

Sworn this 2nd. Octr 1788 before me Wm Kitchiner

Elizabeth Collins

the Child born 9th. Novr. 1788 Christened Frederick Collins

William Hope Collier is a Tall Thin Man have a Cast in one Eye have Darke Brown Hair Tied behind and Comed Over his forehead with out Powder and Lodges at No 15 in New Compton Street  St. Anns at Ironmongers and he rent the whole first floor unfurnished

Elizth Collins Lodges No 5 Clement Inn Passage

Wm. Hope Collier was taken by Mr. Pedlingham & Mr Pollock & was Committd. with by Mr Justice Walker afterwds discharged by Proclamation

Ordd. 20th: Jany. 1789 that she have the Child & be allowed. 2s. Pr. Week

Elizth. Collins lives at Mrs. Hesters No. 5 Cross Street Islington