Middlesex ss.  George James Clevill maketh Oath that on or about the Thirtieth Day of Decr. 1757 he was duly bound Apprentice at Watermans Hall to his Uncle John Christmas of the Precinct of St. Catherine in the County of Middlesex  Waterman for the Term of Seven Years and served his said Uncle there under the said Indenture until the Seventeenth Day of July 1761 when by the Consent of his said Uncle and by Order of the Rulers of the Watermen & Lightermen's Company he was Assigned over to his Father Thomas Clevill of the said precinct Waterman to serve the remainder of the Term then to come in the said Indenture, that he served his said Father there under the said Indenture until he died, and on the Fourteenth Day of June 1764 by the Consent of his former Master and by order of the aforesaid Rulers he was Assigned over to Bazelthue Teange of Angel Court in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the County of Middlesex Waterman to serve the remainder of the Term then to come in the said Indenture which was about six Months that he did not during that time to the best of his

knowledge lay in his said last mentd. Masters House above the space of One Fortnight at Farthest, But by and with his said Masters Consent he ledged and lay for upwards of the last Forty Days of his said Apprenticeship at a House in Helmet Court in the Precinct of St. Catherine aforesaid which he then and for some time afterward rented of Mr. Mount, that he has a Wife named Sarah to whom he was lawfully Married about Twelve Years ago at the Parish Church of St. Mary Newington in the County of Surry and Three Children namely James William aged about Nine Years, George aged about Five years and Samuel aged about Three years the lawful Issue by his said wife that he has also a Daughter named Elizabeth aged about Nineteen Years the lawful Issue by his former Wife Elizabeth deceased to whom he was lawfully Married on or about the 29th. Day of March 1762 at the Parish of Christ Church Spittlefields

Sworn this day of Novr. 1789 before }