Middx ss.  Susannah Bryley  wife of Garret Bryley Maketh oath that her said husband is now at Sea on Board the Bristoll Man of War And that he is an Irishman and his Place of Settlement altogether unknown to this Deponent And this Deponent saith that about eighteen years ago being then a Singlewoman she was hired at Lord Inchiquens in Grovesnor Square in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square in the County of Middx to live in his service as a hired servant for the Space of a year at the Yearly Wages of Six pounds And that she Continue in Lord Inchiquens service for a year & upwards And this Depont farther saith that the first Part of such service was at Lord Inchiquens house in Grovesnor Square aforesd. That other Part thereof was with Lord Inchiquen at his Country house in the Parish of Tapler in the County of Bucks where the family removed for the Summer Season and where this Depont. lived for about the Space of Three Months At the expiracon whereof this Depont. with the family removed to Lord Inchiquens house in Grovesnor Square for the Winter Season where this Dept. was discharged from her sd service And this Depont. farther saith that from the time of her Coming to Town with Lord Inchiquens Family from his Country house aforesd. to the time of her being discharged from his service at his house in Grovesnor Square aforesaid That such remaining Part of her sd service did not Amount to the space or Time of forty Days By means whereof as this Deponent is advised and Apprehends the last place of the Maiden settlement of this Deponent is in the said Parish

of Tapler in the County of Bucks she this Depont not having since lived as a hired servant by the year nor gained any subsequent Settlement in her own rights. And lastly this Depont. saith that she hath three Children to wit Frances aged about twelve Years and three Months Julian aged about Ten years and three months and James aged about Three years and a quarter the lawful issue of this Deponent by her said husband

Sworn this day of May 1757 before us}