Middlesex ss  Eleanor Cotterell the widow of Richard Cotterell deced maketh Oath That about five years ago She was lawfully married to one Benjamin Summers at the Parish Church of St. George in the County of Gloucester  mariner deced Whose place of Settlement or the settlement of his Parents this Depont. Cannot in any wise set forth or discover She never having received any information relative thereto Save that her late husband Summers has informed her that he was born in Gloucestershire but the place where he never made known to her That She hath a child named Sarah Aged about four years & half her lawful Issue by her Said late husband Summers born in Anchor & Rope Alley in the Parish of St. George in the County of Middx & there baptized & registred That about two years ago She was lawfully married to her sd. late husband Cotterell in the Parish Church of St. Stephen in the City of Bristol whose place of Settlement or of his Parents this Depont. Cannot in any wise set forth or discover She never having received any information relative thereto Except that her husband Cotterell has informed her that his Father was born in Boston in New England and that he himself was born in the County of Derry in Ireland best the place where in that County he never made known to her That She hath a Child named Richard Aged about thirteen Months her lawful Issue by her Said late husband Cotterell born in St. Catherines Lane in the Precinct of St. Catherine in the County of Middx & Baptized and registred in the Said Precinct That to her Knowledge information or belief her Said late husbands or either of them never rented a a house of ten Pounds a year or upwards nor ever served any parish offices or paid any Poors Rates or Kings Taxes nor ever did any Act to gain a settlement in their or eithr of their own Rights That She this Depont. was born in the County of Kerry in the west of Ireland and that She was never an Apprentice nor ever lived as a hired servant for a year nor ever did any Act to gain a Settlement in her own right Prior to her respective Marriages

Sworn this 31st. day of october 1768 before R Pell Rt. Darling

The Mark of Eleanor Cotterell