Middlesex ss}  Mary Fitzgerald  Singlewoman maketh oath That about nine years & five months last past the Celebration of a marriage or pretended marriage was had between this Depont. & one Dominick Mc Daniel a Mariner at Portsmouth in the County of Southampton she this Depont. being then of the Age of Fifteen years or thereabouts That Soon after the Solemnisation of Such Marriage She this Depont. & her Fathr John Fitzgerald were Credibly informed & Which information She believes to be true That previous to the time of Such Marriage the said Mc Daniel had been lawfully married to another Woman Which Woman at the time of this Deponts marriage in manner as aforesaid was Actually living Whereby this Deponts. Marriage with the said Mc Daniel as She has been advised & apprehends became intirely void in Law That the said Mc Daniel lived with her but for the Space of Six Weeks & then left her & She has never heard from him Since & Can't tell Whethr he is now living or dead nor Can She give any Account respecting his Place of Settlement That about three years & half ago She this Deponent was hired & lived as a hired Servant for a year with Samuel Daves in Millyard in the Parish of St. Mary Whitechapel in the County of Middlesex  Jeweller at the yearly wages of Four Pounds & Continued in such Service there for one year & Some few days & then this Deponent removed with her said Master to Lower East Smithfield in the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate in the County of Middlesex where she Continued in the Service of her said Master for the Space of a month & no longer to the best of this Deponts. now recollection & then this Depont. absolutely left the Service of her sd Master But in about the Space of Four Months She returned to him again & was hired by him a Second time at the yearly wages of Four Pounds under which hiring she Continued with him for the Space of Seven Weeks & not more to the best of her now recollection & then left her said Masters Service a Second time & was absent for about the Space of Four months and then She returned to him again & was hired by him as his Servant a Third time at the yearly wages of Three Pounds under which last menconed hiring She Continued with him for the Space for Four Months & not longer to the best of this Depont. now recollection & then She left her sd. Masters Service & had not lived with him Since nor has She Since lived as a hired Servant for a year nor done any act to gain a Settlement otherwise than as is above Set forth

Sworn this 15th. Day of December 1773 before  Cha: Digby Wilmot

Mary Fitzgerald