St Clement Danes

Middlesex & Westminster } (to wit) Jane Young  Singlewoman Aged twenty eight Years or thereabouts Upon her Oath saith that she was never Married, that she lived as an hired yearly Servant with William Tayler Esqr. in Vine Street  Piccadilly in the parish St James Westminster for about two years & an half, at the Annl Wages of Eight Guineas, that she left the same about Eight Years ago, that presently after, she went to and lived with as an hired yearly Servant with General Stewart in Harlington Street Piccadilly in the said parish of St James a twelve Month at the Yearly Wages of Nine Guineas, which was the Sum she Received for such her Service, that she left Genl. Stewart's Service about Seven years ago, and since hath not acquired any Subsequent legal Settlement And this Deponent further upon her Oath saith that on the 29th. day of July 1790 she was delivered of a Female Bastard Child at a House in Change Court in the parish of St Clement Danes in the county of Middlesex and Liberty of Westminster which Child hath been since Christened half Baptized at the parish Church of St Clement Danes by the Name of Charlotte and hath been always hitherto called & known by the Sirname of Young That Geo Cunningham Esqr. a Coll. of one of his Majesty's Regiments & who is now in the East Indies & she believes at Bengal is the only real and true Father thereof of such Child of which she was so delivered as aforesaid he and no other person having had Carnal Knowledge of this Deponents Body and begotten the same thereon And this Examinant farther saith that she is

Informed and believes he is possessed of Consid  Considerable property in the Bank of England  but does not know of his having any Lands House or Goods in this Kingdom And saith upon her Oath that the said Charlotte Young her Child is now in the Workhouse belonging to and Chargeable to and Maintained at the Sole Expence of the said Parish

Sworn the 3d Decr. 1791 before me} D Walker

Jane Young

Jane Young lives at the Horse Shoe Strand

a Dark tall fat Man Dark Hair generally Blue with a Scarlet Collar

Mr. Latham No 5 Earl Street Black Friars is his Agent & also to the Regiment can give the best Information of his different concerns

Janry- 22d.. 1799 Jane Young Applied for 4 Mos. Pay Stated that her Child was 7 yrs Old only

That her Child had been Nursed at Mrs. Simms Britannia Row Islington 2 yrs

Mrs. Honey burn at Mr. Tremier Lambs Conduit Passage 2 years

Mrs. Henry No. 21 Tottenham Court Road 2 yrs