St. Clement Danes 10th March 1792

Middx & Westminster } (to wit) Mary M Marks Aged about 32 years Upon Oath saith that she was Married to her present Husband John Marks on the 9th. day of January 1777 . at the parish Church of Saint Mary le bone in the said County of Middlesex That her said Husband Rented and Resided in an House at No'd. 11. Holles Street Clare Market in the said parish of Saint Clement Danes for about five five years at the Annual Rent of £24 that they quitted that House about three years ago and he hath not that Since her said Husband hath acquired no other legal Settlement to the best of her knowledge or belief And This Deponent further saith that She said Husband is of Bodily Strenghth and  Ability to Work for and main hath one Child by now living by her said Husband Named William Aged Six years on the third day of May last who is now dangerously Ill. And that her said Husband John Marks is (as She is Informed and verily believes) of Bodily Streng Strenghth and Ability to Work for and maintain he this Deponent his said Wife and their said Child but nev nevertheless Neglects and refuses so to do And that she is unable any longer to support herself and said Child and is now become Chargeable to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes

Sworn the day and Year first first above Written before me} R Butler

Mary Marks

Mr Richardson Oversr Talboys Beadle

Mrs Marks lives 57 Baldwins Gardens. Grays Inn Lane

Mr. Marks is Journeyman to a Butcher  Corner of Stoane Street  Chelsea Market

10th March 1792 He apprehended brot to the Lyon Holles Street  at 9,o' Clock at Night Mr Richardson attendd there took is Word for his appearance on Monday at Eleven

proposed taking the Child & giving secy to Indemnify the pish Mr Richardson agreed to accept it

he did not attend accordg to his Word

13th. March Attendd at Mr Walker's Ordd.. he take the Child & give Secy he Indemnify the pish he to come Thursday 6

15th March took Marks's Note for £20. as an Indemnity to the pish agst the Maintenance & of her Son Wm. (he paid in pt Expences 5s)

Dischged by Magistrate