Saint Clement Danes

Middlesex (to wit) Ann Williams Aged thirty two Years or thereabouts Singlewoman upon her Oath Saith That she never was married, rented House or paid Taxes, saith that the lived as an hired Yearly Servant with Mr. Hobby of the Fountain Tavern  Catharine Street in the Strand in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand in the County of Middlesex at the Yearly Wages of Nine Guineas for upwards of Two Years-that she quitted his service about twelve months ago, and since quitting same has not done any Act Matter or thing whereby to the best of her knowledge Information belief she may have gained any subsequent settlement and for there this Examinant saith that she this Examinant was on the 11th. Day of April last delivered of a female Bastard Child at that House of Forrest in Change Court near Exeter Exchange in the Strand in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex aforesaid and that Forbes, who as this Examinant believes is a doctor of Physic, and has been informed is now gone to Bridgewater in the County of Somerset to set up in Business is the real and true father of such Child-(which has been privately baptized by the Name of ( Ann Williams ) he having had Carnal Knowledge of this Examinant Body and begotten the same thereon-and that she this

Examinant is poor and unable to maintain herself and said Child

Sworn this 26th. May 1786 before} R Butler

her Ann William Mark

(Mr Arpin had the Warrant)

Mr. Williams lives at No. 7 in Charage Court Strand

Forbes is a little Thin Man Patten Dark Complexion long Visage Dark Hair wears it tied in a Queue comes to the White Bear Piccadilly wherein Town is gone Bridgewater to setup in Business

Mr Harpur a Sent of faculty who Lodgd. in Carlisle St Franklin the Overseers allown her 2s.6d. P week Settled he paid £25 for

before Birth

Jane Bradford - Widow -Examination taken 20th: July 1786 . Entd. in small Exmn. Book by mistake

Charges John Sears a Runner at the Public Office

This Woman-had on a Child by her Husbd. died at Lowlayton

Know at Enfield , does not belong to us

and Pregnant of this(passed away.)

She delivrd-he Attendd. but never Settled

Child sent to Enfield .